Add the 2 alternate options for console connecting to the list (#66)
GeyserMC/GeyserWiki: _docs/geyser/using-geyser-with-consoles.md

All consoles can join third-party servers - including Geyser servers - with workarounds. Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, and PS4 systems can join third-party servers using a third-party program called BedrockConnect. For technical information about the program, including how to run your own setup, see [their GitHub repository](https://github.com/Pugmatt/BedrockConnect) (*This program is not affiliated with GeyserMC*). Other methods are also available for use.

> There is also a tool anyone can set up that allows you to connect to the server via adding a user to your friends list, as well as a tool admins can set up that allows connecting from a linked account of a user on the server. These tools can be found [here](https://github.com/minerj101/FriendConnect) and [here](https://github.com/rtm516/MCXboxBroadcast).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a tool anyone can set up that allows you to connect to the server via adding a user to your friends list, as well as a tool admins can set up that allows connecting from a linked account of a user on the server. This tool can be found [here](https://github.com/rtm516/MCXboxBroadcast).
```

Author: Damn, they deleted the repo :(
